RIOC has implemented an updated tennis reservation and usage system. Please see the below information and links to additional details:
Reservations can be made online by visiting Civic Permits and are only available in one (1) hour increments. 
For a step-by-step guide to how to use the site, please click here. 
Another step-by-step guide can be found by clicking here. 
Reservations are required and can only be made two days in advance.
Reservations can be submitted Monday through Friday between 8AM and 4PM.
Requests submitted outside of these times will be canceled.
Monday /Tuesday and Holiday reservation may be submitted on Fridays.
Same day reservations must be submitted no later than 3PM on weekdays ONLY.
First reservation begins at 7:00AM; last reservation starts at 9:00PM.
Reservations are open to residents and non-residents; first come, first serve. One-hour reservations only.
Singles and Doubles play permitted on all courts (max four (4) people per court).
Permit Holder is required to show a form of identification and their permit confirmation reservation when requested by PSD/RIOC Personnel
A printed copy or image on a mobile device of the reservation confirmation must be brought to the courts.
 Private/ group lessons prohibited, unless sponsored by NYJTL, RI Tennis Association or RI Racquet Club. Violators, instructors, and student(s) will lose court privileges.
Continued disregard for the rules governing the use of the tennis courts may result in tennis privileges being revoked.
Players under 16 must be accompanied by a parent or adult 21 or over.
All permit holders and their guests must adhere to NYC Health and Safety guidelines.
Tennis Permits do not include or authorize parking for any vehicles.  Metered parking is available on Main Street or you may inquire about parking in the Motorgate garage.
If you need assistance or if you see anyone not obeying the rules of the court, please contact PSD immediately at 212-832-4545 or report via the Tikkit system specifying the time and date here: Tikkit System. 